Clarify definition of off-path (#4462)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

Retry packets (see the Retry Packet section of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) carry a
Retry Integrity Tag that provides two properties: it allows discarding
packets that have accidentally been corrupted by the network; only an

> entity that receives an Initial packet can send a valid Retry packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entity that observes an Initial packet can send a valid Retry packet.
```

> packets that have accidentally been corrupted by the network; and only an
> entity that receives an Initial packet is able to send a valid Retry packet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
packets that have accidentally been corrupted by the network; only an
entity that receives an Initial packet can send a valid Retry packet.
```

: The Original Destination Connection ID contains the value of the Destination
  Connection ID from the Initial packet that this Retry is in response to. The
  length of this field is given in ODCID Length. The presence of this field
  ensures that a valid Retry packet can only be sent by an entity that

>   receives the Initial packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  observes the Initial packet.
```
